hello now try metal
trick with water as i was told here for
this crysis seems like we started with
you about anything you tell me nothing's
all and you know what water has
the ability to memorize depends
memory and there is a lot of experience which
proves it now i will show one more
big that is years and you about three things yes
ordinary water wipes will remember
napkins will be a well done mother
show what to remember water and more
need your mind are you ready
please submit a series of numbers from
one to six is ​​all up to
introduced
now choose one number
now speak loudly and clearly from 13
of our 3
now look i have napkins here
touch
now open one napkin
well painted
give publish cameras none now
watch without you yourself remember the number and
said it to the water now slowly
otkatu down the water try and what
happen i show focus 4 times
Once it turned out I hope it will turn out
have a napkin must somehow
respond to it slowly lowering
away a little bit to take away like this
yes and strength to she
three
awesome damn it turned out everyone thanks for
attention thank you aggressive big everyone
until